Telemetry module (+ sonification) documentation (#37)
OpenSpace/OpenSpace-Docs: creating-data-assets/modules/telemetry/telemetry-types-specialized.md

  1. The elevation angle in radians to the planet, with the current angle calculation mode taken into account. Again, see the page [Angle Calculations Explanation](./angle-information.md#angle-calculations-explanation) for details.
  1. List of user interface settings for the planet sonification, which aspectes of the sonification should be turned on or off. A value of 0 means that it is turned off and a 1 means that it is turned on. The order of the settings can be seen in the table below. If the setting does not exist for a planet, the value is always 0.
  1. (optional) The distance from the camera to the **first** moon in kilometers
  1. (optional) The horizontal angle in radians to the first moon.
  1. (optional) The elevation angle in radians to the first moon.
  1. (optional) The distance from the camera to the **second** moon in kilometers
  1. (optional) The horizontal angle in radians to the second moon.
  1. (optional) The elevation angle in radians to the second moon.

>   1. (optional) .. The data continues in the same pattern for as many moons as the planet has

Author: The order is what is specified in the asset file mentioned before. Which is ordered considering the distance to the planet, closest moon fist then furthest away moon last.

There are a few specialized telemetry types that monitor different aspects. Each is explained in more detail in the sections below.

The specialized telemetry types available in OpenSpace are:
  - [Planets Sonification](#planets-sonification)
  - [Planets Compare Sonification](#planets-compare-sonification)
  - [Planets Overview Sonification](#planets-overview-sonification)

## Planets Sonification
This telemetry type requires an asset file or script to specify which planets and moons are of interest to monitor. The file _planets.asset_ located in _data\assets\modules\telemetry\sonification_ adds all the planets in the solar system and their major moons to the list of planets to monitor with this telemetry type.

:::{important}
The _planets.asset_ file located in _data\assets\modules\telemetry\sonification_ should not be altered. The planet sonification in SuperCollider expects the file to remain unchanged. If any changes are made to the asset file, they must also be reflected in the SuperCollider sonification file. See [sonification](./sonification.md#sonification) for more information.
:::

> In this telemetry type, angle information is provided for both planets and their moons (if present). The method for calculating these angles varies based on the [Angle Calculation Mode](./angle-information.md) in use. However, the method differs when calculating the angle for the planet versus its moons. For planets, the angle is calculated from the camera to the planet. For moons, the angle is calculated from the planet to the moon while taking the camera's orientation into account. For further details, see {ref}`Moon Angle <moon-angle-horizontal>` for both the {ref}`Horizontal <moon-angle-horizontal>` and {ref}`Circular <moon-angle-circular>` angle calculation modes.

Author: Becasue the section is called `Moon Angle` in both the tab for horizontal and circular modes. This mean that the auto genrerated label for the section is not unique, so I make a manual label there that is unique and refer back to that one specifically.

  1. The distance from the camera to the planet in kilometers.
  1. The horizontal angle in radians to the planet, with the current angle calculation mode taken into account. For more information, see [Angle Calculations](./angle-information.md).
  1. The elevation angle in radians to the planet, with the current angle calculation mode taken into account. Again, see [Angle Calculations](./angle-information.md) for details.
  1. List of user interface settings for the planet sonification, which aspects of the sonification should be turned on or off. A value of 0 means that it is turned off, and a 1 means that it is turned on. The order of the settings can be seen in the table below. If the setting does not exist for a planet, the value is always 0.
  1. (optional) The distance from the camera to the **first** moon in kilometers.
  1. (optional) The horizontal angle in radians to the first moon.
  1. (optional) The elevation angle in radians to the first moon.
  1. (optional) The distance from the camera to the **second** moon in kilometers.
  1. (optional) The horizontal angle in radians to the second moon.
  1. (optional) The elevation angle in radians to the second moon.

>   1. (optional) ... The data then continues in the same pattern for as many moons as the planet has, with three values per moon. The moons are in the order of distance to the planet, the closest moon first and the farthest away moon last, which was specified in the _planets.asset_ file located in the _data\assets\modules\telemetry\sonification_ folder.

Reviewer: ... ?

Author: Yes exactly, there is a variable amount of datapoints in this message depending on the number of moons. But they follow the same pattern.

Reviewer: Mh.. I think it confuses more than just leaving out the ellipses

Reviewer 2: Maybe remove both the ellipses and the `optional` part, to make this line a bit more distinguishable from the others?
```suggestion
  1. The data then continues in the same pattern for as many moons as the planet has, with three values per moon. The moons are in the order of distance to the planet, the closest moon first and the farthest away moon last, which was specified in the _planets.asset_ file located in the _data\assets\modules\telemetry\sonification_ folder.
```

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d303e5c-1235-4ed9-b067-f0dce0eb345a)

Reviewer 2: Also, the sentence could be shortened a bit to be easier to read:
```suggestion
  1. The data then continues in the same pattern for each of the planet's moons, with three values per moon. The moons are given in order by distance from the planet (closest first, farthest last) as specified in the _planets.asset_ file in the _data\assets\modules\telemetry\sonification_ folder.
```

The table below lists the aspects of the planets that can be conveyed by the sonification. Each of the aspects can be turned on or off in the settings of the user interface.
:::{table}
:align: center
| Index in settings list | Aspect of the planets sonification that the setting turns on/off |
|------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0                      | Size/day                                                         |
| 1                      | Gravity                                                          |
| 2                      | Temperature                                                      |
| 3                      | Atmosphere                                                       |
| 4                      | Moons                                                            |
| 5                      | Rings                                                            |
:::

> A  message from this telemetry type can for example, look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A message from this telemetry type can for example, look like this:
```
